Split dangerzone image to a separate repository (#1459)
freedomofpress/dangerzone: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#1338](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/issues/1338))
- Pin Podman to v5.x.x, to support Windows 10 installations for one last release
  ([#1357](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/issues/1357))
- Move the conversion error definitions out of the now-removed `conversion/`
  package and into `dangerzone.conversion_errors`, so the host code keeps a
  single source of truth for the error codes raised inside the sandbox.

> - Split the container image build out into a separate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move the code for the container image into a separate
```

Author: Thanks, applied!
